
### Andy Swift

I grew up in Amherst, Massachusetts.

I've been a developer and graphic designer since 1989.

I'm currently the developer of [Svija][sv], working on a new vision of how to create web content.

I was born in Cambridge England, grew up in the U.S., and I've lived in France since 2000 (Landes then Toulouse).

In addition to my technical experience, I'm also a classical artist and bassist.

I've been very strongly influenced by Buddhist philosophy.

It took me a while to learn to work hard.

---

Two things I'm proud of:

From 2012-2014 I took a sabbatical to concentrate on classical art. The following drawing is
based on “Studio di panneggio di una figura seduta” by Leonardo da Vinci.

I drew it from an enlarged iPhone photo after handling <a href='https://collections.louvre.fr/en/ark:/53355/cl020003018'>the original</a> at the Louvre.

<i>n° 379, Figure Assise, 2013.</i> Charcoal, black and white Carbothello on brown Canson paper. 36,0 x 36,0 cm.

<br><img src="IMG_0023.jpg" style="width:50%;margin:0 25%;">

For 2004-2007, I presented more than 150 open stage nights in Seignosse and Hossegor.

It was the most fun I've ever had.

<br><img src="D041022-036.JPG" style="width:50%;margin:0 25%;">

---

born 1965 in Cambridge England to Americans (father was post graduate
physics student at Cambridge)

grew up in Amherst, Massachusetts, with one year sabbaticals in Cambridge
(age 10) and Palo Alto (age 16)

1983: went to Duke University in North Carolina as computer science
student for two years, realized that computer science would be a terrible
life to live long term and ...

1985: transferred to Swarthmore College south of Philadelphia, majoring in
classical music composition and philosophy, received BA in philosophy
(1987).

1987: moved to New Orleans, worked at Whole Food Market for two years in
one of their first stores, it was a fantastic experience, and I started to
do graphic design by doing their signage.

moved to Boulder in 1989 in order to attend the Naropa institute, a
Buddhist college, as a graduate student. After two years I stopped going
because although I loved the learning I got there, I found that I didn't
need to be in an academic environment to get it.

1990: worked as graphic designer at the Colorado Daily in Boulder, the
college paper, for about four great months before I got fired for changing
the small print under a Discover credit card from "the card to pays you
back" to "some small bullshit that no one ever reads". For what it's
worth, I specifically instructed two separate people to correct the ad
before it ran. Still, my fault and a valuable lesson.

1991: worked at the Daily Camera, the Boulder paper, for 5 years. They
figured that I'd learned my lesson at the Colorado Daily, which I had. It
was a great experience because the equipment was so bad -- no graphics
except for boxes and circles, no scanner, no photography, etc. So I got
really good at typography.

in 1995 I decided to become a "for real" designer, but it was immediately
obvious that nobody in the graphic design business ever hires ex-newspaper
people, so I started my own business called "Nothing Shocking Graphic
Design."

In 1997 I changed the name to just my own name because I was working with
obstetricians and lawyers, high tech firms, etc., and generally I felt
like I was serious and a more serious name was appropriate.

That's about it... personally, I continue to be curious about
psychological sorts of issues, and I am also a very good funky electric
bass player.

